Loick supabase read connect (#9)
bgeffrault/gaelic-football-tracker: client/README.md

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

## Client

> You sould re-generate and download the Database of Types file as you make changes to your tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You sould re-generate and download the Database Types file as you make changes to your data db tables
```
